The sound of the spring storm that blows from the end of the sea of Minamino
The sun with a cloud of flowers and the wind of Isasaka
The mountain of Takato that burns in the afternoon
The flower of Nogeyama's Ijin house
The summer is gentle with the scattered leaves
The clouds flow to the west and the salt is the only way home
People cross the grass of Nagisa
The water is white and the flowers are white
The mountain of Aki that is low in the mountains
The moon's light is hidden in the clouds
The mountain of Isasaka is more bright than the mountain of Asagi
The more you put on the stone, the brighter the morning light is
The white snow that falls on the city and here
The eyes are wrinkled in the light
The end of the heart that I think of is crying
I saw the sky yesterday and today
I was sleeping alone in the deep blue sky above the sun
I'm glad my father and mother are holding hands
This child goes up while raising his feet
The child of the sun's